[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Put your hands together
and give a warm, wonderful,
conscious life welcome
to Maureen St. Germain.
>> How about a hug?
Thank you for that great intro.
So thank you all for getting
up early to get your breakfast
and make sure you were here.
It's always tricky when you're
the first or second person
on the agenda.
And I know how tricky it is.
So thank you for
making an effort.
I'd also like to hold your heart
open and think of a little one
that you have held
in your arms in love.
And see yourself imagining that
you're sending a beam of love
and light up your pranic tube
directly to your heart chakra
as it starts out as, then your
throat chakra, Third Eye, crown
chakra, and all the way up
to your higher self, which
is at your eighth chakra.
That's the portal
to your higher self.
And see that energy
come down and show you
with unconditional
love and light.
And I'm asking for
a day of heaven
on Earth for each
and every one of us
and everyone we come
in contact with.
Now, I also started to
go a little verklempt.
And I was worried
about my eye makeup.
But I wanted to also
give a little shout out
to a very good friend of mine,
one of my early students, who
threw in with a bunch of friends
without knowing who I was
or what she was going to
learn to attend to workshop.
And she just happened to be
in LA for a job interview
this weekend and texted me last
night and said, are you in LA?
I think I saw you on the
beach in Santa Monica.
I said, well, I'm not at
the beach, but I am in LA.
And I invited her
to come over here.
So thank you for
making the effort.
So she came in from New York.
How do you like that?
OK.
So today, I'm going to
be talking about tools
that you won't find in my book.
So if you have read
my book, and you're
using everything I'm giving you
in the book, this is new stuff.
And I deliberately
went out of my way
to try and come up with new
things that you could use.
So I'm called a practical
mystic for a reason.
And that's because I like
things to be very practical.
Having been the
mother of four sons
and working in the corporate
world for close to 30 years,
I didn't always have the
time I wanted to spend
on the things I wanted to do.
So the way I did that is
I came up with shortcuts.
And that's what I'm all about.
My books have been translated
into five languages now.
And I teach quite
a bit in China.
And my books are in Chinese
and in German and Russian,
a Swiss language.
We haven't figured
out what it is yet.
I saw the copy, but I don't
know what language it is.
And of course, all over
the USA and Canada.
And I had the good fortune of
having the retailers New Age
Things vote my book
their best selling book.
And it was a write-in
vote because it was just
a random thing.
Tell us what's selling well.
And that's what they wrote in.
So I'm very grateful.
And it wouldn't
happen without you.
So if you have the
book, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for reading
it, sharing it,
and learning from it, because
that's what I'm all about.
And without you, I don't
have a job, so thank you.
So we're going to
jump right in, and I'm
going to talk about polarity.
Polarity is something
that we are very familiar
with in terms of
how we look at life,
up and down, left and right.
One of my sons, when he was,
I don't know, maybe five
was tested because
he was super smart,
and he was reading already.
And they took him
into a little room.
And I was able to
overhear in the room.
And the tester said,
so the floor is down,
that means the ceiling is up.
So if lemons are
sour, sugar is--
bad for you.
That's when you know
they're listening.
So polarity can be
used to help you
if you know what you're doing.
And part of what I
believe in is to help
you understand that
polarity is part of a game
that we are leaving behind.
So if you are wedded to
the game of polarity,
you won't be able to shift.
But if you recognize,
wait a minute,
it's a little bit like everybody
was switching from NFL football
to soccer.
And the players no longer
have to use heavy equipment
to protect themselves.
It's a gentleman's game.
The rules are different.
The ball is different, but
they're still using a goal.
And they still call it football.
So you'd have to shift.
And that's what I'm
asking you to do.
Because when you do that,
you are given the chance
to be your 5D self.
And surprise, surprise--
getting to be 5D
isn't going to be
an overnight thing.
It's a gradual thing.
And like my mother said to me
one time about one of my sons,
children don't grow
up in a straight line.
And I know you're
really proud of him
for what he has
just accomplished,
but usually when they do
something very mature,
they follow it was
something really stupid.
And that's us.
That's us.
So we're sliding into 5D,
and we're sliding back.
And even I didn't know it.
I have discovered these things.
And I will share that with you.
So one of the things
that's very interesting
that there is no answer for,
and it's just a conundrum.
And that is that the
electromagnetic waves
have two qualities to it.
Let's see if I can get
this pointer to work.
Here we go.
So I don't know if
it'll shine on this.
Probably not.
OK, so as you look at the red
hills and valleys, you'll see,
if you get the 3D
visual, you will
see that it is 90 degrees
different from the magnetic
field, which I think is blue.
And the idea is that magnetic
and electric work together
to give us power.
And it is an irresistible
and opposing force
at the same time.
So it pulls and pushes.
And according to my
scientist spouse,
there is no
explanation for this.
It's just what it is.
Oh, dear.
What's that all about?
OK, so what do we do for all
these waves and energies that
are around us?
And the answer is when you
know about something you can
create it in your mind's eye.
On your mind knows no
difference between what
is tangible and real in front of
you and what you're imagining.
So you may as well use
it to your advantage.
Now, a Faraday cage--
how many of you
know what a Faraday cage is?
Oh, good, most of you.
So I'll just do a
quick explanation.
A man by the name of
Faraday invented a way
to make electromagnetic
waves, EMF,
all kinds of electrical
energy impenetrable.
And it's a metal cage
that's constructed in a way
that their waves
can't get through it.
So when you're in
a Faraday cage,
your cell phone won't work.
And you won't be hit with
electromagnetic waves, which
are very hard on our bodies.
So at night, when I go
to bed, I say a prayer.
And the prayer is in the book.
And part of the
prayer is I am calling
in an electronic Faraday cage
around my body for the next 24
hours and around
my bed so that I'm
sleeping undisturbed
and unaffected
by any energies that are
inappropriate for human life.
And you can too.
So one of the things
that's very interesting
about the current way
we think about things
is we work with what's
called the scientific method.
And we start with a
collection of data,
which then we create a
hypothesis on what we think
has happened.
And we experiment and
look at the results.
And we're constantly
trying to disprove it
because a scientific
proof exists
because we've had every
opportunity to disprove
it and have failed.
So it's a little bit backwards
to what you think it might be.
So what is the
difference between all
the data that we're collecting
and the information you have?
And that is start
asking questions.
Start asking questions.
So when something
happens that does not
match the way you're used
to thinking about the world,
consider that you could say
I wonder what's going on,
or what is this,
rather than, oh,
that's just blah, blah, blah.
And you dismiss it
and forget about it.
One of the things that
people often dismiss
is the solution to
what is going on.
And if you already
know the solution,
you will miss what interesting
thing might also be happening.
So when something happens that
defies your normal expectation,
ask yourself, I wonder
what's going on,
instead of oh, I
missed that turn again.
I'm always lost.
Or oh, the phone
always rings whenever
I'm trying to concentrate.
And instead say, I
wonder what's going on.
And allow the universe to
teach you something new.
Because the game has changed.
And the rules are
different in the new game.
And it's so different that my
guides gave me the information
that it's a brand new game.
And there's a reason why
it's a brand new game.
Because in 3D we have polarity.
And we understand the world
between light and dark,
good and evil, up and down.
And in 5D, many more
possibilities are available.
But they're all god choices,
not god choice doesn't exist.
So imagine a child going outside
and playing in a mud puddle.
You're with them.
And they're playing.
And after they're done playing,
and after the rain and the mud
puddle, they go in
and have a bath.
Clean clothes are put on.
The dirty clothes
are in the wash.
That's us.
We've been allowed to play
in the not god choices.
And we're now choosing to move
into a place of god choice.
So we'll use polarity.
And one of the
ways you do that is
to choose words that are less
powerful in the polarity realm
and more powerful in
the non-polarity room.
I hope you can see this.
I can barely see it.
I should have used
a darker font.
But it says use words that are
less narrow, less pejorative.
And then it says what kind
of a car if it is not new?
Is it a used car?
Is it a reconditioned car?
Or is it a pre-owned car?
And of course, you
know the answer.
We've all heard this.
And when you hear the
word pre-owned car,
you get this feeling
that it's pretty decent.
So I mess this up, you guys.
I'm sorry to report.
I wanted to read
this screen here.
And I messed with it.
I need to go up a
little higher, I think.
But I don't want it in
my face because it's
interfering with my view.
So thank you.
Oh, there it is.
OK.
All right.
So a used car,
reconditioned car.
So now, what do you call
your spouse's previous wife?
Ha, ha, ha.
His ex-wife?
No.
His former wife?
Well, that's OK.
What about his practice wife?
After all, you're the good one.
Isn't that great?
And doesn't it make you smile?
Because when you say, oh,
that was his practice wife
it kind of puts her in her
place because, after all, it
didn't work out.
So she was just for practice.
And oh, by the way, I'm always
thanking my husband's ex,
no, his practice wife
because she gave him
a lot of training that
I didn't have to do.
OK, so who do you report to?
How many times do
you say I have to?
I have to pick up the kids.
I have to meet my husband.
I have to write this report.
I have to go to the airport.
What if you reframe that?
How would you reframe it?
What would you say?
I like picking up
the kids on time
because then they're happy that
they're not the last one there.
My husband invited me to dinner.
I need to leave right now.
I have a report
that's due tomorrow.
Skip the have to
because what happens
is when you say I have to,
you're pushing your energy out
in front of you to somebody
else, to some other place,
to some other thing.
And then when mass
consciousness is running,
you get pulled into
that because you've been
using to have to all the time.
Something is making you do
it, like the company store,
like those old stories.
And give up the right
way or the wrong way.
And instead, decide
this is a match for me.
That doesn't please me, rather
than using the words that
are so heavily charged.
You know, one time people
traveled through a snowstorm
to attend my class.
And they were quite exhausted
and pleased with themself
that they had finally made it.
And they said, we're
here for the truth.
And without even realizing
it, out of my mouth
came the words, well, you
came to the wrong place.
I don't do truth.
Because the truth is
what's valid for me.
Might not be valid for you.
And who am I to tell
you this is the truth?
It doesn't make any sense to me.
And I'm constantly asking the
universe, who am I to do this?
Or who am I to do that?
And I invite you
to do that as well.
Because it empowers you.
Because sometimes the
universe will answer you.
OK?
And that's also pretty cool.
OK.
So now, the other thing that
a lot of people don't realize
is there's a lot of help here.
There's help from the dragons,
the angels, your own guides,
serendipities, ETs of the light.
So the dragons came
in about 10 years ago
and really moved
into consciousness.
So they made their
presence known to me.
I was not really into
the dragon thing.
I wasn't excited about dragons,
even though one of my sons
loved dragons and had lots
of little dragon toys.
But it didn't mean anything
to me until they came in.
And they showed themselves
to me and explained
that they were here for
clarity and for helping
people get through things
and getting things done.
So the number one
place I suggest
you try this out, and don't
take my word for it, try it out,
and that is when you are caught
in LA traffic or any traffic
really.
And you say to the dragons,
I'm asking the dragons--
Maureen says the
dragons work wonders.
So I'm asking the dragons
to step in and help
with the traffic.
And help everyone
get where they need
to go quickly and easily, not
only for me, but for everyone
around me.
Thank you.
And watch what happens.
One day, a couple
of years ago, when
we were in the Seattle
area, my husband and I
were on the surface street
that had like 10 traffic
lights that we
could see straight
ahead of us, 10 of them.
And they were about
two blocks apart.
And the freeway that we were
next to on the surface street
was almost at a standstill.
And he turned to me and he said
you better call on the dragons,
this is really bad.
And I said, OK.
And so I made an
out loud statement.
And all the lights turned green.
And they stayed green
until we got through
like three miles
of surface streets.
And he said to me, in my
20 years of living here,
I have never seen that.
So you will be surprised.
So don't take my word for it.
Now, the angels, most everybody
knows about the angels.
They're specialized angels.
You have a guardian angel.
You may have other angel guides.
Some of you are part
angel or angelic energy.
So call upon your angels
because they're here en masse.
And they're all about miracles.
So when you need a big
solution in a hurry,
you just say, I need a miracle.
I need my angels to
help me get a miracle.
And watch what happens.
One time, my sister
lost an earring.
She had been trying on clothes.
And the earring
must have come off.
And she got home and realized
that she only had one earring.
Well, it was one of the
earrings that I had given her.
And it was a precious stone.
You know?
So she was very upset.
And then she said,
oh, Maureen has
all these angels around here.
I'm just going to ask
Maureen's jewelry angels
to help me find my earring.
And then next morning when
she went out to her car,
it was by the tire of her car.
I lost a pair of earrings that
one of my daughter-in-laws
gave me when I was clearing
the snow off my car
and found it three
days later from when
the snow had gone down.
And my neighbor said, you're
never going to find that.
And I said, I don't know.
I have a good feeling.
And you can too.
I mean, even when people
are down, you can say,
oh, well, you know,
you might be right,
but I'm kind of
hoping I'll be right.
That's a great way to respond
to someone's negativity, right?
Is to choose to agree with them.
That way you don't get
any more opposition.
Yeah, you might be right,
but I'm hoping I'm right.
And they might say, yeah,
I hope you're right too.
Now you've got two
hoping you're right.
It's pretty cool.
You've just reinforced it.
Now, the serendipities
may be new to you.
This is a group of beings
that our 11th dimensional.
They came in and spoke
to a woman who is not
as out there as I am, but
she's one of the guides that
works with me.
Her name is Terry Young.
And she does do Akashic
records readings.
And she does travel
with me to China.
And she was meditating
one morning,
and these beings came in.
And they said, we are
the serendipities,
not a serendipity,
but the serendipities.
So when you're looking for
connections, when you're
looking for that opportunity
for the doors to open
and everything to step into a
place of power and connection,
ask the serendipities.
They're also very good
at solving problems.
And I will tell you
that I was in China one
time when the paperwork that my
host had done was inaccurate.
I don't want to say she
lied, but you might.
Anyway, so she got in
trouble with the authorities.
And now, they're knocking
on my door at midnight.
And they want to
know what to do.
And after I shoo them out
of my room at 4:00 AM,
because we've done everything
we could, I went to sleep
and then was woken up.
And I was seeing this visual.
And it was kind of
like a piece of paper.
And it was being tidied
up and then folded up,
kind of like origami.
And when it all got all done,
and I was seeing these beings,
and these beings look like
these neon gummy bears.
So I said, what is this?
What am I seeing?
And they said, oh, well,
that's the serendipities.
They're fixing your problem.
Because I'd call them
in and asked them.
And the next day, Maureen,
you have a clean slate.
No problem.
They're not going to let us
continue with the workshop,
but you're not in trouble.
And I'm thinking thank
goodness because I
was there on a tourist
visa the first time.
After that, I got
a business visa.
You learn these things.
ETs of the light.
I don't just assume that all
the ETs are 100% god light.
And I ask you to do the same.
Don't assume that.
Just ask for the ETs of
the light to help you.
And they will.
Now, how many of you have
had an experience where
you feel like the whole room
has shifted and moved and yet,
there's no earthquake,
and you think to yourself,
how come I'm the
only one seeing that?
That's a dimensional shift.
And there are many people that
are having this experience.
Another way it can happen is
in the middle of the night.
You'll wake up, and
you will be wide awake.
You don't have to
go to the bathroom.
And you're thinking to
yourself, why am I wide awake.
And then there is a shift.
And you can actually feel
like your body's vibrating.
And there's like something
coming towards you.
And it doesn't feel frightening.
It's just energetic.
And I'm going to make a sound.
This is not the
sound it makes, but I
think sound effects
sometimes help us visualize.
So here we go.
Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do.
And what that is is the energy
is coming in and giving you
an upgrade.
And so you feel
it like that, just
inching its way toward you.
And that's usually coming
from the ETs of the light who
are helping you.
Now, one day, my husband was
laying next to me in bed.
I was wide awake.
He's sound asleep.
And his arm comes across
his body and onto my chest.
Then the download happened.
And then his hand moved back.
And he never woke up.
He got the upgrade
without even trying.
OK.
So one of the things that
people sometimes think
is that the angels have so
much to do they can't help me.
But the angels were sent to
the Earth to help humanity.
And we're at the end of an age.
It's time.
It's like we're all teenagers.
And we're going to be adults and
on our own pretty darn quick.
We need some help
to get through it.
So I like to think of it
more like a game show.
And that you are
allowed and expected
to ask for your lifeline.
And you should.
I also will encourage
you to say that when
you work with the
Akashic records,
I like to say that it's like
taking an open book test.
When you have access to the
information around a decision,
it's easier to know what
your best choice is.
OK, so I like to say
practice using 5D jargon.
It's all divine.
This came from a friend of
mine named Tracy Sanalow.
And whenever something
happens that upsets her,
instead of exclaiming a four
letter word that we often use,
she's oh, it's all divine.
And she immediately frames it so
that no matter what's going on,
the divine part of it's going
to shine through and give her
a gift somehow, some way.
There's a new phrase to use.
OK, now this one
I read many years
ago in Neale Donald
Walsh's book.
And recently, I was
re-reviewing that book.
And he tells the story
of how his mother always
said god bless it when everyone
else is saying you know what.
She's saying god bless it.
And he asked her
about it one time.
And she said, well, I sure
as heck want god to bless it.
I don't want that
other stuff to happen.
And this is one of my favorites.
And that is, well, the angels
better show me how really good
they are.
And on occasion, I have
had miracles happen
that defy explanation.
So my advice to you is
stop explaining things.
When something happens that
surprises you that you cannot
explain, instead of defining
what it is right away--
let's say your keys are
not where you left them.
And you think to
yourself, well, I
must've have forgotten
what I did with them.
And then later you
come back, and they
were exactly where they were.
You were in a higher dimension
when you put them down.
And now when you're anxious
looking for them, you're not.
And so you can't see
them because they
were in your 5D space.
So if you ask where
are my keys, you're
going to get this
feeling, well, they're
in the same place I left them,
but you still can't find them
because you're stressed.
You're all polarized.
But then when you're
done with your errand,
and you're not looking for them,
and then you open the drawer,
and they're there, you realize
aha, they were here all along.
How come I didn't see them?
And that's because
I was back in 3D.
If you've had this happen,
that's proof to you
that you have been
5th dimensional.
Because when you put something
down when you're in 5D,
and then you walk
away, and then you
move into what I call a
stress zone because you're
trying to get
something done, you've
dropped your energy back down.
I have a friend who
came in one night,
and she put her beautiful
emerald ring in the drawer.
She didn't have
time to put it away.
She just dropped it in the top
drawer of her bedroom dresser.
The next day, she went
looking for it to put it away
and couldn't find it.
She looked for three months
every time she thought of it.
Ah, I should really
look for that ring.
Finally said, OK, it's lost.
I give up and stopped
stressing about it.
The next time she
opened up her drawer,
there it was right on top.
Amazing.
OK, so your new favorite phrase
is I wonder what's going on.
Can you see that?
Is that visible?
I'm going to have
to fix this slide?
Is it visible?
OK.
From my angle, it looks
just like it's all white.
OK, good.
OK, so I wonder what's going on.
That's your new favorite phrase.
When something happens
that defies explanation,
don't just go solve it.
Let the universe
show you something
you hadn't seen before.
Because you and I are
all slipping into 5D
pretty regularly.
I wonder how that will work out.
Now, this is another
favorite phrase of mine.
Years ago, when I was
first starting out,
and I didn't always have enough
money to cover everything,
I got a bill for
some advertising
that my guide told me to get.
And it was a lot of money.
And I had just paid the rent.
And I was I was tapped out.
And I'm looking at this bill,
and I'm thinking, OK, so
now what do I do?
And I remember
hearing myself say I
wonder how that will work out.
The universe must know something
I don't know because why would
I get a bill if I can't pay it?
Isn't that a great
way to look at it?
And you know, it's amazing
how that just kind of creates
opportunity for us.
OK, the universe knows
something I don't know.
And then you just come
up with this because.
You can fill in the blank.
So that's another
favorite phrase.
The universe must know
something I don't know.
Now, anybody who's
ever heard me talk
knows that I really
emphasize using this phrase.
I'm asking for a day of
heaven on Earth for me
and everyone I come
in contact with.
But I've added a few things.
One of them is this idea that
you can also change the word
contact to contract.
So you'll notice
on this version,
it says contract
because, after all, I
might be in contract with
somebody that's not with me
today, like my webmaster.
I want him to have a day
of heaven on Earth too.
And what happens is
the energy changes.
So you're standing
in line in the bank,
and the person in front of
you is giving the teller
a really hard time.
And she's in a terrible
mood because of that.
You come along and
everything is all
stars and smiles because you're
holding that vibration so large
that it impacts positively
everyone around you.
So one of my students
said, you know,
I have a family
reunion coming up.
And everybody in my
family gets along really
well except for one
person, my sister.
And she's kind of
like a drama queen.
And she always ruins
it for everybody.
We're going to spend
a whole week together
in one house in this
place in North Carolina.
It's going to be
wonderful, we hope.
And so she said, I'm
asking for a week of heaven
on Earth for my family reunion.
So I said, well, that's great.
So after the event, I said,
well, how'd that turn out?
She said, well, a couple
of days before the event
my sister called and told
us that she wasn't going
to come because she was checking
herself into a detox facility.
Now, this particular
sister, of course,
thought she was punishing
everybody by not being there.
And she said, we
had the best time.
Now, this is a big one.
I am quite certain you
don't know that you're
teaching your children to lie.
And here's how you do it.
Did you eat all the
cookies in the cookie jar?
Did you do all your homework?
Is your bed made?
You know perfectly well
what the answer is.
So stop asking your
children questions
that you already
know the answer to.
And reframe it so that you're
not teaching them to lie.
How do you reframe it?
Well, one day I came home--
now, remember, I
have four sons--
and the trampoline
was dangerously
close to the garage,
which had a low roof.
And I said at dinner, I notice
where the trampoline was.
And I'm wondering if
you guys would move it
back to the center of the yard
where it belongs because I know
you guys know better than to
jump off the roof of the garage
onto the trampoline, but I'm
not so sure about the neighbor
kids.
Next day, the
trampoline was right
where it was supposed to be.
And I didn't have
to yell at anybody.
And I didn't have to say
who moved the trampoline
and have them go like this.
Well, it was his idea.
Yeah, but you did it.
You know?
Who needs that?
And again, we're
teaching them to lie
when we ask them questions we
already know the answer to.
So it's tricky.
If you know the answer,
don't ask that question.
Ask a question that honors them.
I noticed this morning when
I walked by your bedroom
that the bed wasn't made.
You know, I'm sure
you'll remember
to make it before you leave.
Like that, you see?
That changes the
energy and puts trust
into your relationship
with your children.
OK.
Stop weather prediction.
Now this is very interesting.
How many of you look at
the weather regularly?
OK, my husband calls
me the app queen
because I have a lot of
apps, and I really like them.
But you know which
one I don't have?
The weather app.
You know why?
Because it's a
form of prediction.
And when we read
it and get worried
about the rain or the
fierce storm that's coming
or perhaps even
the sunshine, we're
reinforcing their expectation.
Now, I've done a lot of
research on weather prediction
and how it's done.
And they use modeling
and multiple versions
of the reality.
And then they layer it,
and they get percentages.
That's why you get
40% chance of rain
because they've done
like 4,000 models.
And they throw
them all together,
and that's how they come
up with this average.
So one of the things that
I was taught by my guides
was how to alter the weather.
And in fact, at one point,
my students in New York
could say we could always tell
when Maureen's coming back
to New York because
it's really nice out,
and it's still only
April or March.
And I wasn't actually
purposefully altering
the weather, but I
was always so joyful
that the energy would
respond in kind.
And one day, I was taught how
to manipulate the weather.
And I asked who am I
to alter the weather.
And I was told, well,
who are you not to.
You know?
The Chinese have been altering
the weather for the last 50
years.
And I didn't believe it.
And they said Google it.
Now, this goes back to 1994,
you guys, a long time ago.
And sure enough, there were
articles about Chinese weather
manipulation, which I had not
even considered a possibility.
So then one day I was in
Paris for a family wedding.
And the wedding was going
to be in Brittany, which
is known for its rainy weather.
It's like Seattle weather.
And I asked ahead
of time would I
be permitted, because I still
want to check in with guidance
to alter the weather.
And I was told this is
the bride's decision.
That had never occurred to me.
I wouldn't have thought
to ask the bride.
Well, what's even crazier
is my niece, the bride,
actually understood who
I was better than I did.
And so when I said what
would you desire with regard
to the weather.
It was like she was
talking to the caterer.
Well, I want the weather to
warm up to about 60 degrees.
I want the rain to stop.
I want a small breeze to dry
everything off on the grass.
And she went on for
like three minutes.
OK.
And at 20 minutes till 4:00,
the wedding was at 4:00,
I'm holding my breath.
You guys, the wedding's
starting soon.
You can call off the rain,
because it was raining
cats and dogs all day long.
And sure enough, within three
minutes, the sun came out.
And all the French women wore
their big hats that they wear.
And nobody carried an
umbrella into the wedding.
And one of the
things on her list
was it has to stay
nice until tomorrow
after lunch because my
husband's grandmother is
throwing a party for everybody
who came in from overseas.
And the party's going to
be outside on the lawn.
OK.
So it stayed nice.
And as the staff were putting
away the tables and chairs,
it started to rain
again really heavily
and stayed that way
for the next few days.
When it was time to
leave, I was standing
there next to the bride
saying my goodbyes.
And someone said to
her, wasn't it wonderful
how the weather stayed nice
for your event and the party
your grandma threw?
And she looked at me
and I mouthed to her
don't bother telling anyone.
They will never believe you.
Now, why do I say stop
the weather prediction?
And that is when you
agree with the weather
by reading the weather
and accepting it,
you are giving over your
power to mass consciousness.
You don't want to
do that anymore.
You want to empower yourself.
And when you empower
yourself, you
begin to realize how
very powerful you are.
When you realize how
very powerful you are,
you can start to make more
things happen for you that you
need to have happen.
And that's why you
don't participate
in weather prediction.
And when it's time
to get dressed,
you ask, is it my highest and
best good to wear this sweater?
Is it my highest and best
good to carry an umbrella?
One time I was told
to carry an umbrella
and I said, which one-- the
compact one or the long cane?
Carry the cane.
I never opened that umbrella,
but I did trip and fall.
I did trip and almost
fall, but I had a cane.
Who have you asked?
What have you asked?
So one of the things
that my husband and I do,
and I got this from
Demartini, and he says,
what have you ordered from
the universe this morning?
So when we talk
about what are you
going to have for breakfast.
What have you ordered
from the universe today?
And put in your order.
Put in your order early.
Isn't that fabulous?
And the other thing we do
is, when we have dinner,
we go through three gratitudes.
And we take turns.
And it's so much fun to see
what we're grateful for.
And sometimes my
husband surprises me
and sometimes I surprise him.
And that's a lot of fun.
So if you have friends
who you live with,
a roommate, you could
say, hey, let's do this
for an exercise when I see you.
When you first get
home from work,
why don't we share what
we have grateful for?
Isn't that cool?
OK, now, this is a
very important piece.
I talked about mass
consciousness a little bit.
And we can get pulled
into mass consciousness.
And one of the fastest
ways you get pulled in
is through your fear.
And I would highly
recommend you look up
my blog post on fear and loosh.
Your fear feeds into
mass consciousness
because like attracts like.
So your fear allows you to tap
into that mass consciousness
fear that sometimes
is being projected.
It might not even be real.
And you move into a
place of absolute fear
of your presumed
problem or outcome.
So when you find yourself
fearful, and we all do,
including me, immediately
unhook from that
and tell yourself
fear is a messenger.
Fear is a messenger.
And it's here
telling me something.
And this is not true for
100% of the population,
but it is true for 100% of
the people who are here.
And that is fear is telling you
when you are out of integrity
with your hopes,
dreams, and desires.
So I'll give you an example.
This happened to me early on.
I had bought a
really nice jacket.
It was the perfect color
for me, matched everything
in my wardrobe.
And it was on sale for $50.
A week later, utility bill came.
And I was terrified.
And I couldn't figure out why
a $50 bill from the utility
company would frighten me.
I was living, you know,
pretty close to the edge.
And when I close my eyes, and
I said I can feel the fear.
What's your message?
And I had never
done this before.
I was shown the jacket.
And that's when I
realized that when
I bought that jacket
taking advantage of a sale
I wasn't aware of my
budget or how much money I
had to cover the family bills.
So it was at that
point, again, because I
was living in such
a tight budget
money-wise, that I made
a real budget for myself
and allocated money for fun
and games and other money
for the necessities of life.
So that I always made sure
I had that part covered.
Because I felt very strongly
that I wanted to provide
for myself and my children.
And that luxuries are luxuries.
And if you don't
absolutely need something,
that it doesn't go
into that category.
And there's a whole book
that I wrote about all
this called "Be A Genie".
And I teach you how
to manifest by using
sacred geometry as the proof.
But even if you don't use the
sacred geometry as the proof,
you can still learn to manifest
through this marvelous system.
OK, so how to get answers
and how to know what's
really going on.
So first, we're going
to talk about a system
that my fantastic introducer--
where are you, there you are--
mentioned.
And it's true.
The Merkaba is an amazing tool.
And it is a vehicle that you
learn to spin around your body.
Come on.
No, no, no.
It's supposed to spin.
Did it spin?
OK.
Do it again.
OK, here we go.
Did it spin?
Yeah.
Isn't that cool?
So it spins in two directions.
Anyway, no one is
really teaching
that particular 17-breath
Merkaba anymore.
But if you want to learn it,
you can because I made a DVD.
And you can buy the DVD.
So it's readily available.
And I do recommend learning it.
And then in the new
book "Waking Up in 5D",
I actually teach you a
more evolved version, which
I'll talk about momentarily.
This is something else
I want you to learn.
And this is the higher
self connection.
So we're going to
take just a moment,
and Kim is going
to hand this out.
Now, this is my
ideal opportunity
to introduce Kim who is
my angel and saving grace.
She is our projects manager.
And it's such a great
title because she does
every project, every project.
And we've had the good fortune
of being connected to one
another for almost eight years.
And she worked for me
for a number of years
and then wanted to
focus on something else
that she was working on.
And so she and I both wanted
to move to California.
And within a couple of
years, we both realized
that she was available again.
And the rest is history.
I'm so happy.
So now, I want you
to read through this.
And then I'm going
to explain this.
If you will follow this
protocol for 45 days,
you will get a 100% accurate
connection with your higher
self.
And the rules are pretty simple.
You're going to
get yes/no signals.
We're going to do
that just a moment.
Unimportant questions only.
No important questions.
Make those exceptions rare.
That's the detail on the card.
And no divination tools.
No muscle testing, no pendulums.
Put all that aside for
six weeks or 45 days.
So let's just figure this out.
When is 45 days from now?
Today is what?
So April, what, 10th?
Who came up with the date?
>> Yeah, April 10th.
>> April 10th.
See?
I just pulled it in.
I didn't bother doing the math.
OK, April 10th.
So the reason I want
you to know that is
because if you decide
to do this protocol,
you want to know
what's going forward.
You don't care about when
you were in this class.
You might not remember when
you went to Conscious Life Expo
or when you were in my workshop.
So this is your opportunity
to take a moment and do this.
And we're going to repeat
what I did in the beginning
when I asked you to open
your heart and do that again.
And allow yourself to
remember a time when
you've held a beloved being.
It does not have to
be your pet, does not
have to be your infant.
But you've held a little one.
And hear yourself
tell this little one
I love you three times.
Send a beam of love and
light up your pranic tube.
Connect to your
higher self and allow
your higher self to slide
back into your heart with you.
And it can be an energy,
a beam, doesn't matter.
And your heart's suddenly
bigger than it was.
And now, we're going to have
a conversation with a higher
self.
And I'm going to
give you this script.
And you're going to say after
me in your thought, higher self,
give me my signal
or symbol for yes.
Could be a color.
Could be a shape.
It could be a sensation
like an itchy ear.
Could be the word yes.
Could be a taste in your mouth.
Higher self, do it again.
Give me my signal for yes.
Higher self, give
me a signal for no.
What does no look like, feel
like, taste like, sound like?
Do it again.
Higher self, give
me my signal for no.
Thank you.
Higher self, give me my
symbol or signal for neutral.
Sometimes neutral
is hard to feel,
so don't be too stressed
if you don't get anything
that's really noticeable.
Now, for practice, higher
self, one more time
show me my signal for yes.
Show me my signal for no.
Show me my signal for neutral.
Thank you.
So we give thanks
to the higher self.
And we tell our higher self
I want to practice with you.
And I'm going to
give it 45 days.
And I'll do my part.
And I'm asking you to do yours.
Thank you.
Now, open your
eyes and write down
the signal or symbol you got.
Because later, you're going
to doubt it or turn it around.
And we don't want
that to happen.
So some of you have
done this with me,
and so you know this one,
but I'll give you a moment.
And I recommend if you haven't
written it anywhere to write
on the card we've given you.
Now, here's the bomb.
You can no longer trust
spiritual teachers.
That means me too.
Now, I think that's funny.
And I'm always
disappointed whenever
it doesn't burst out
laughing because I
think it's really funny.
And I'm teaching
you how to know.
I'm teaching you how to fish.
I'm not giving you fish.
This way-- there are a
lot of teachers out there.
There's a huge growth of
teachers understandably
because there's going to be a
huge growth of people shifting
and transforming.
And they need those leaders
to show them the way.
But sometimes
those leaders might
be giving false information.
Maybe they don't
even know it's false.
Or maybe it's not
false for everyone,
but it's false for you.
In the old days, you would
walk away from the teacher.
You'd say, well,
that's the end of that.
But today, I can look at you
and say, well, maybe there's
more for you to learn.
You could ask your higher
self, do I keep coming back?
Just because you found one
thing that wasn't true for you,
do you so keep coming back?
The answer might be yes.
You'll know when you're
done because you will have
had your higher self help you.
Now, what happens to
you after your 45 days?
And the answer is after 45 days
you begin this conversation.
You might even begin having
this conversation now.
But during your
practice period you're
not allowed to ask
anything important.
And the reason is
you want to get
so familiar with
your signal or symbol
that you get that
it is irrefutable.
Before we had phone
ID, if somebody
called you and you heard their
voice, you'd know who it was.
You'd say, oh, hi.
How you doing?
I haven't heard from you
in a couple of weeks.
What's going on?
You would know who it was just
by them saying hello and saying
your name.
That's what you're doing.
You're developing a rapport
with your higher self.
Now, you need to ask
40 or 50 times a day.
What kinds of things do you ask?
Well, you don't ask should
I put my right shoe on
or my left shoe.
That's silly.
But you could ask, do I wear the
black boots or the white ones?
Is it my highest and best
good to wear this white shirt
or this blue shirt?
What if you were
planning on wearing
a white shirt and
your higher self
tells you to wear a
red one, and that's
the day you spill
ketchup on your shirt.
It's pretty handy.
Not going to show us much.
OK, your higher self will
start to come in and give you
information.
And every single time
all you need to do is say
is this my higher self telling
me xyz, yada yada yada?
And only your higher self
will be allowed to answer yes.
Always ask in the same way.
Higher self, blah blah blah.
When my children
lived at home with me,
if I said, could someone get
me a glass of water or could
I have a glass water,
nothing would happen.
But if I said one
of their names,
they would either do
it or tell a sibling
you go get it for her.
But there would be a response.
You see?
And I have, accidentally,
asked information
and told to go ahead.
And when I came home
and asked at the altar,
what was that all about.
That was a big waste of my time.
My higher self said
you never asked.
And I said, I did too.
No, you asked, but you
didn't say higher self.
And your lower self came in, and
your lower self was quite happy
with that response.
I won't bother telling
you the details.
You can use your imagination.
So this is a wonderful protocol.
And I highly recommend it.
And I have had people seek
me out all over the world
to thank me for how powerful it
is to help them make a decision
on what they should do.
OK, next one, assume everyone
around you is a good person.
That's amazing.
Instead of presuming
someone has got
an agenda, what if
you presume they
had something important
to teach you or show you?
I speak to everybody--
the cab driver, the
people the elevators.
Some of you've been the
object of my questioning.
What's going on?
What are you doing?
What's that for?
And it's in the
tone of your voice.
So when you make sure
that you are holding
that space for others
to be their best self,
because you ask for a day
of heaven on Earth for you
and everyone you're
in contact with,
they will be influenced by it.
The next thing I want to teach
you about is the pineal gland.
You've all heard about it.
You've all had
information thrown at you.
But I want you to understand
how very important it is.
And the pineal gland is probably
the most important doorway
that you can work
on getting open.
This is why this powerful
water is so important.
Because it helps you keep
that pineal gland clear.
This is called You
are the Starfire
water, thirst the fire.
Kind of reminds me of that song.
"I Set Fire to the Rain" by--
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Right.
So good water.
Now, we're going to talk
about that in just a second.
So many ancient cultures knew
that the Third Eye, right here,
and the pineal were related.
So keeping both of these two
areas functional and clear
would mean that you would have
a higher connection and a higher
awareness.
And the more you do to improve
that, the better it will be.
So we're going to talk
about ways to clean and heal
your Third Eye and your pineal.
And then we're going
to do a meditation.
We're going to close with
a wonderful meditation.
So tamarind is a wonderful tool.
You can buy it in a tincture.
Iodide calc, this is a
very specialized formula.
Shilajit, which is tar
that's coming off of rocks.
It's loaded with micro minerals.
Bliss oils.
These come from Norm Shealy.
We'll talk about
that in a minute.
AroMandalas, which is
a brand of healing oils
that were created for me
that heal emotional wounds.
And walking in nature.
Now, I want to talk
to you a little bit
about each one of these.
Fluoride is found in many dental
and medical products, not just
toothpaste and bonding agents.
So whenever you
have dental work,
you want to up
your game in terms
of clearing out the fluoride.
And exposures to fluoride
has been pervasive.
Even if your drinking
water is not fluoridated,
salt and even milk
are often fluoridated.
And you might not know it.
Even some spring
waters are fluoridated.
And that way they don't
have to constantly test
them to see if they're safe.
Fluoride is also used
in food packaging.
So the odds of never
experiencing fluoridated items
is nearly slim.
So it's poisonous even
at one part per million.
And it causes fluorosis
and calcification,
especially in the
pineal gland, but also
in other parts of the body.
So we're going to talk
about how to clean and heal,
how to have maintenance,
and then how to activate it.
And we're going to do that.
So healing and de-calcification.
Large amounts of damage can
occur from fluoridated water,
some of the food
choices you make,
and environmental toxins
that you might not be able
do anything about.
One solution comes from a
website called Sacred Medicine.
And I highly recommend
these products.
And I recommend that
you check them out.
I do not get a
commission for it.
I know the owner remotely,
but never met her in person.
She doesn't know
I'm promoting her.
But I have been very impressed
with her work and her devotion.
She also has a newsletter
that's very informative.
So this particular
formula is a formula
that she sells in a tincture.
So I highly recommend it.
And it will shift.
Now, what I would do, if it
were me, and I did do this,
I would ask my higher
self, higher self,
do I need that formula?
Don't just buy it
because Maureen said so.
Check with your higher self.
That's your new
authority, remember?
Now, tamarind is used
mostly to improve digestion.
It's also used in the well-known
Egyptian drink called karkade.
So if you've ever had a karkade.
It's almost always made with
tamarind and a sweetener.
And the tamarind is a
little bit like what
we would use lemon juice.
It brings it out.
Sparks it up.
And it's also an
anti-inflammatory.
And Kim and I were
talking about an event
that she went to
with her husband
where she learned about
dysfunction of the brain.
And so many of the
diseases of the brain
are related to inflammation.
So you want to be doing things
that are anti-inflammatory.
There's a wonderful cookbook
called "The Hot Detox
Cookbook".
And it is good for both
vegans and non-vegans.
And this particular
cookbook will give you
recipes and instructions on why
these things are so valuable.
And it was given
to me as a gift.
And now it's the only
cookbook I'll use.
The recipes are
fabulous, fabulous.
So it's "The Hot
Detox Cookbook".
And I can't remember the name.
Do you know the name?
Anyway, the woman is a Canadian.
And it's available on Amazon.
So you can buy it on Amazon.
You can buy it on your Kindle,
or you can buy the book.
I recommend the
book because it's
like you got to hold it in
your hand and look at it.
Now, we're going to talk a
little bit about the Third Eye
chakra and say that all the
work you do in meditation
helps to open up that
Third eye chakra.
And you know your
Third eye is open
when you can feel
that energy right here
in the middle of your forehand.
Some of you actually get visual.
And that's also a key that
you have your Third eye
open in the moment.
Now, one thing you
need to understand
is that you can also make
trouble for your Third eye
by intaking something that
is damaging or harmful.
And what do I mean that?
What you see on TV, or what
you might see on a video
or in the movies.
And whenever I'm in
the movies, and I'm
about to see
something violent, I
can tell it's going
to be violent,
I immediately close my chakras.
And the way you do it is--
I'm going to stand in
front of you and show you--
put your hand on your head
and just bring your hand down
like that.
That's all you have to do.
So you put your hand
above your crown chakra
and then bring your
hand all the way down
just like if you wanted
to close someone's eyes
you would put your hand on
their lid and just push it down.
So it's like that.
Now, someone said, well, how
would you get your chakras
to open up again?
They will open automatically
the next time you
need to have them available.
So that's not the problem.
When you do this, all that junk
will not enter your psyche.
So if you're like me, if
you see something that's
harsh or harmful, it circulates
in my view for about a week
before it finally drops off.
And it's so much simpler just
to make this motion and be done.
No one knows what you're doing.
It's a great way to
close your chakra
and to help you gain mastery
over this energy that
is causing lots of
people lots of harm.
Now, your pineal, as you
know, is small by body weight,
but its blood flow activity
is second only to the kidney.
So research tells
us that the pineal
is affected by the
electromagnetic energy
that we've talked about.
And it's also
sensitive to light.
And works with the
circadian rhythms, meaning
the rhythms of the body.
So now, this is an art
piece, but it shows you
what the pineal looks like.
And it is affected
by radio frequencies,
which is ELF, and also EMF,
which we all know about,
and Wi-Fi.
Free Wi-Fi everywhere.
If you don't live in
an apartment building,
you're fortunate.
But if you live in an
apartment building,
and you open up your phone
to connect to the internet,
there's like 30 choices.
All those frequencies
are bombarding you.
So this is another
reason why I recommend
you do that Faraday cage
thing that I taught you
at the beginning.
So I want to point out that
the pineal is at right angles
to the Third Eye.
And this right angle business
that I pointed out to you
in the beginning, it's directly
related to a dimensional shift.
So one of the reasons why these
two organs are at right angles
is because when you
connect through them,
you actually can move out of
your body in this direction
or this direction.
That's also why
sometimes when you
get guidance that comes in it
comes in one angle or another
because it's using
that 90 degree turn
in your consciousness.
And you've opened
up the doorway.
It's not like they have.
You've opened the doorway.
So I have a lot more to
teach about the right angle
business and the
dimensional shifts,
but that's in a
different lecture.
Another thing is very important
for the pineal is blood flow.
And a friend of mine, a yoga
teacher, just walked in.
He'll laugh at this.
I'm sure he's still
doing his head stands.
Where are you?
Oh, maybe he walked out just
as fast as he walked in.
I don't know.
Anyway.
I can't do this anymore.
Some of you maybe
never have tried.
But I can't do this anymore.
It's too hard on my neck.
But I found that Gaia has
a wonderful shoulder stance
stool.
And you can use that
to do a Shoulder Stand.
And this is me doing
my Shoulder Stand.
And even if you
aren't good at it,
you can have someone help you.
And you lean against a wall
initially when you start out.
But now, I can just go
straight up without any help.
I can even take two chairs.
I do like two pillows
for my shoulders.
But I could take
these two chairs.
But I have a dress on
so I won't demonstrate.
OK, now, walking in
nature re-acclimates you
to the consciousness
of Mother Earth, which
is still emitting pure energy.
One time, my husband and I were
in a national park for a week.
And the Wi-Fi was
pretty horrible,
which was just as well, to put
all that stuff away, anyway.
And I noticed that they
were criss-crossing
the sky like an apple pie
with their chem trails.
Now, I have the ability
to antidote them.
So I was antidoting them.
And they were doing
it three times a day--
at dawn, noon, and dusk.
And it's where there's
the least wind.
When the sun is at an
angle, it causes more wind.
And so they don't get
as much of effect.
So they were criss-crossing it.
And I meditated on this.
Why would they do that
in the national parks?
And you know why?
When you're in nature, you
are more likely to wake up.
So they were having to
put that energy out there
to keep you dumbed down,
to slow people down.
And there were millions
of people in the parks,
because I wasn't
seeing that elsewhere.
You know?
And I travel all over.
And then I got a stiff neck.
So I turned to my
darling husband
and I said, have
I been difficult,
because for me, if
I get a stiff neck,
it's usually because I'm
being a little stubborn.
That's, you know, the
phrase, get a stiff neck.
You're being stiff necked.
So he said, no, no, you're fine.
So then I asked in meditation.
So why do I have
this stiff neck?
And they said,
well, you're being
stubborn about the chem trails.
And I thought, really?
And they said, yes.
Stop antidoting them.
You're drawing
attention to yourself.
That had never occurred to me.
So I ask about everything.
And I encourage
you to do the same,
especially once you hit your
45 days, which is April 10th.
Thank you very much.
Because your higher self
will tell you when you think
you're doing a good
deed and you're not.
Sometimes I get information
about people, and you will too,
spontaneously, you know?
It's not going to work out.
You don't just blurt it out.
You ask, am I to
tell this person?
One more thing about the pineal
that I want to talk about
is maintenance.
And that is try to
have your room dark.
Get darkening curtains, as
well as shades for your eyes
because the light affects
your skin as well as the eyes.
So cover your eyes.
And I cover my eyes when
I travel on a plane.
Cover myself up with a
blanket and kind of make
this little hood for myself.
And I recommend you do the same
when you're going to sleep.
Give your pineal a true rest.
And that circadian
rhythm then allows
you to shift your consciousness
easier to your new time zone.
Some of you have traveled quite
a distance, and one of my tools
that I use when
I travel is I ask
my higher self to collect
all my parts that I
have left everywhere.
So you know when I greet
people and talk to people,
maybe I've left a
little piece of myself
to support that person.
Or maybe I've had some drama,
and I've left a piece of myself
from the drama.
So I asked my higher
self or my archangels
to collect all my little parts
that have kind of floated off
of me and send them to
my arrivals airport.
And then when I
get off the plane,
I ask that those parts of
me be integrated in me.
And oh by the way, they're
now in the new time zone
because they've had all
that time to get integrated.
And then I shift to
that time that those
lost parts were in and boom.
I'm in the current time zone.
And you won't have jet
lag, which is amazing.
OK, next I want to talk about
ways to activate your pineal.
This is a product
from Norm Shealy.
Some of you may
have heard of him.
And this is called
his Bliss Oils.
And these oils-- he won't
say this on his website.
But can you hand me my red
journal that's over there?
But I'm going to tell you
that these oils will give you
certain releases of energy
and open up the pineal,
as well as help heal your body.
Thank you.
I intended to have this out and
ready for you, but I forgot.
So what the bliss oils do is--
each one of these are
named after the elements.
So there's air, fire, water,
and Earth and then crystal.
And the crystal is directly
related to the higher energies.
And it's also related
to, it turns out,
to the same CD that I created
called crystal elohim.
My crystal elohim CD was made
maybe 10 or more years ago,
but it's a very powerful
protective tool.
So the Ring of Fire which is--
each one of these
is called a ring.
And that's because you
use acupuncture points
around the body.
And then they're called a ring
because it circles the body.
And it takes about five
minutes to do every morning.
And if you're really
sick you would
want to do it twice a day.
So the Ring of
Fire reduces stress
and allows the aspect of your
fire or your anger energy
to be restored to balance.
So even if you're angry
or upset about something,
it balances you out.
It raises DHEA, which
makes you young.
OK?
And it heals trauma,
rheumatoid arthritis, diabetes,
neuropathy,
depression, back pain.
The Ring of Air is
simultaneity of thought.
He doesn't say that on his
website, but I know it's true.
And he did write about this in
his book called "Conversations
With G".
So you could do
your own research,
or you can let me
do the research.
And I'll tell you what it is.
So that means you're
able to be in the present
and receive your own
guidance in the present.
And you're also
receiving guidance
about what's going on
with everybody else.
You might not know you're
getting it, but you are.
It happens to me
and Kim all the time
where I'm seeing what
she's been thinking.
It assists the
holographic thinking
and assists in the
advancing of consciousness,
mental creativity,
and symbolic thinking.
It will help you
integrate the idea
of integration and
non-separation and advanced
mystical insights.
Oh my goodness.
When stimulated with the Ring
of Earth, it will help autism,
down syndrome, and rage,
raises your oxytocin,
and neurotransmitters.
By the way, every known
psychotic disorder
is related to disturbances
of the [INAUDIBLE]
which is related to
replacing the oxytocin.
So ADHA, autism, anxiety,
and depression, addiction,
borderline personality disorder,
inadequate personality,
and schizophrenia, psychopaths
all have too much oxytocin.
And this will bring
you into balance.
The Ring of Water
provides balancing
of the emotions, forgiveness,
and contacting the christ
at heart.
So you can be in
your high heart.
It's useful for
edema and congestion
and helps with obesity
and lowering cholesterol.
It brings emotional tranquility
and assists with rapport
with others in their
realms of life.
And it provides a
spiritual homeopathy
to balance the emotions.
The Ring of Earth is a
magnetic constant with Earth
and it redesigns the human
body, overcoming phobias,
and addictions, skin disorders,
overcoming seduction, illusion,
possession, cerebral palsy, ALS,
confusion, and physical pain.
It simulates calcitonin.
And it's the strongest
pain reliever in the body,
40 to 60 times
more than morphine.
So if you have regular pain,
get that Ring of Earth,
or buy all of them
and learn them.
OK, and then the Ring
of Crystal regulates
overall energetic
system and assists
in the regeneration of
expansion of consciousness
to the Akashic level.
And it reduces free
radicals by 80%.
Now, that's one way.
Then we have the product
line known as AroMandalas.
And these are
essential oil blends
that were channeled
by Mary Magdalene
through a person that was
working for me at the time.
She had a master's
degree in aroma therapy.
And she brought these forward.
And when she retired
for the third time,
because my job with her
was a retirement job,
she donated the formulas to me.
She always felt the
formulas were for me.
And she didn't want
to promote them,
but we branded them together.
And I promoted them.
And they sell worldwide.
And I highly recommend if you're
in any kind of the healing
arts, I highly recommend
that you get a set of these.
And you let your
clients play with them,
or you use them beforehand
it helps them clear something
basic that they need to clear.
We like to play with
it and choose randomly.
And then we find out later.
And we'll have some
information on that
later at our book signing.
So here's a cute storyline.
Does anybody know what
happened when Ram Dass gave
his teacher an illegal drug?
Uh huh.
Nothing.
He said he preferred meditation.
OK, now these are
the things you want
to pay attention to-- your food
choices, exercise, inversion,
light exposure,
control the light.
This is kind of a recap.
The color indigo or other
shades of blue or tan
will help you open
up your third eye.
Because indigo is not really
part of the color spectrum,
but tan is.
And it's a very
interesting thing
because all the colors
are made for mixtures
of the primary colors.
So tan is the new indigo.
Interesting, isn't it?
Sound, chanting, and
toning, and we're
going to do a little toning.
Sacred geometry, all kinds.
I was wearing bifocals
when I was in my 40s.
And I attribute
my good eyesight--
I haven't had eye surgery--
to all the sacred
geometry that I work with.
Crystals for your pineal.
Lapis lazuli and blue
Topaz are very powerful
and also any of the
light yellow stones.
And aromatherapy, patchouli, and
of course, all the AroMandalas.
So the chant for the
Third Eye is aiy.
OK?
And I'm going to do
it with you right now.
(CHANTING) Aiy.
Together.
One more time.
Aiy.
Again.
One more time.
Aiy.
OK, the next thing is this
is a freebie on my website.
It's called the Red
Gold Healing Grid.
And I was given a
very clear instruction
to put this around anyone who
was having a physical health
issue.
You could put it around
an organ in your body.
And you'll notice the
points actually expand
like a child gait.
So I recommend that
you use this as a tool
and feel free to take a picture.
This is one of the most
powerful sacred geometries
I've worked with.
And it's very funny
because my version of it
was very childlike.
And I contacted Endre, the man
who did the art for my book
covers.
And he said I made
this cool SG--
he calls them SGs--
sacred geometry today.
You want to see it?
And I said, yes.
And it was just like mine.
But if you saw the two
together, you'd say,
well, a child did this
one and master did one.
So I'm not showing you mine.
But I did put the
childlike one in the book,
just to give you a point of
reference to help you see.
Very powerful energy.
Just pretend that you put
it around whatever it needs.
And by the way, this is
three dimensional, not two.
This sacred geometry is
the cover of the book
that you have been seeing.
This is another
sacred geometry that
has the star tetradedron
in it and this also.
Now, these are all
sacred geometries
that Endre has given
me permission to use.
And by the way, his is
this the most stolen art
on the internet.
And I think to myself, how
can people who are new age
take a picture like this
just because they found it
on the internet and put
it in their presentation
without even asking.
You know, I saw his art.
Who is this guy?
And I blew up the picture
and found his name in Google
till I found him.
And here he's a good
friend of mine now.
Why not make him yours if
you're going to use his art.
Now, I do pay him
for the covers.
I'm not just doing
it for nothing.
But then he turns
around and says,
well, you can use these
too, which is pretty cool.
He's a pretty generous man.
Now, I would like to take the
last few minutes to take you
through a guided meditation.
And how much time
do we have left?
10 minutes?
>> 15.
>> 15?
OK.
Let's do it.
[AUDIO PLAYBACK]
[CHIME]
>> Close your eyes, if you can.
Imagine that you can follow
these instructions perfectly,
even if you do not
understand them.
First, I want you to
turn your attention
to the great central sun, which
is the sun behind our sun.
The great central sun is
the source of all life.
Allow a very special
beam of love and light
that will help you activate and
create a healing and cleansing
and activation of the
glands of the golden bowl.
And to start this process of
opening up your golden bowl
as you allow a very
targeted beam coming in
from the great central sun
and beaming through our sun
directly to you, reaching you.
Allow that energy to
move into your heart.
Let it expand your heart.
Let it overflow and bubble up.
And through and around
your heart chakra,
following a torus formation,
or a donut pattern
around your heart.
Now, as it starts to
circulate around the heart,
it begins to get bigger and
bigger and more powerful.
It creates a very
sweet surge of energy.
It is a smooth surge.
And now reaches
the throat chakra.
It begins to rise to
the center of your brow
and reaches this
area easily, again,
through a soft and gentle surge.
Continue to let it rise
in this torus field
in this special field moving
to yet another torus field
around the body of this
specialized energy that
will activate the golden
bowl sinus cavities.
From your throat
chakra, allow it
to move into the
area of your sinuses,
which includes your brow.
See that torus field loop
being so big that it easily
reaches the spot
of the Third Eye
where the center of the golden
bowl sinus cavity exists.
Now, first we are going instruct
and release this energy.
Remove, eliminate, dissolve,
and clear all chemicals
that have held back the
activation of your golden bowl
of your glands and sinuses
located within the golden bowl.
This may include chemicals, such
as fluoride, bromide, chlorine,
or anything else
known or unknown
that could hold back
or adversely affect
humanity's awakening.
We are clearing the physical
body of all residual thought
forms.
Next, we are clearing the mental
body of residual thought forms
that have come with
those chemicals,
and finally, the spiritual body.
We invite that
energy to align fully
with the energy that
is coming to you
from the great central sun and
percolating up from your heart.
Now, your entire body is being
bathed with this golden energy
from the great central sun.
Let it expand again to
the top of your head,
continually bathing
the top of your head
and bathing the entire area
and inviting this energy
to cleanse, clear, and activate
every part of the physical body
needed to support the opening
of these sinus cavities
and these glands.
>> Signal to god's white light.
Signal to god's white light.
>> Now, they are
completely clear.
They are completely clear.
Next, we move on to
the emotional body
and clear it of any
residue, thought
forms that have come
from these chemicals that
are affecting you.
Breathe.
Breathe in and out.
>> Signal to god's white light.
Signal to god's white light.
>> Now, they are
completely clear.
One more time we'll repeat the
exercise for the etheric body.
We are commanding
your divine blueprint,
also known as the genesis
cells, to be fully present
and activated for
use of the higher
purposes of these glands for
the golden bowl and the sinuses.
We are now going to do the
same thing for the clearing
of pesticides,
fungicides, mercury
from any of these areas,
including anything
that we may have
ingested from GMO food,
or anything else we
may have ingested
that is harmful to the
activation of the golden bowl
glands.
We will do this faster since
our body now knows the process.
We allow the energy
to re-emphasize
the presence of this energy
from the heart emanating
from the great central
sun, going directly
to the throat chakra,
then to the sinuses,
and then to all the
glands near the sinuses
cavities that make
up the golden bowl.
Then expanding, make it rise
again to above the head,
keeping that torus formation at
every level, this time clearing
the entire physical body.
Now, the golden torus energy
reaches the entire mental body
and continues to expand
the entire emotional body.
And finally,
expands to encompass
the entire etheric body.
Wait.
Breathe.
>> Signal to god's white light.
Signal to god's white light.
>> We are now going to do this
one more time addressing any
other toxins or thought forms
or influences of any kind,
including mass consciousness.
Again, you might even see
it rise from your heart
like a golden ball
emanating outward
in that torus formation.
Starting out at
the heart chakra,
moving up to the throat chakra,
and then on to the Third Eye
and exploding in an
admission of golden light
in the torus formation rising
up and around the entire body,
allowing the golden energy to
rise from your heart chakra.
Notice this one pulsation
is quite profound.
Feel it.
This one is quite substantial.
You might even see it
rise from your heart
like a golden ball
emanating outward
in their torus formation.
Starting out at
the heart chakra,
moving up to the throat chakra,
and then on to the Third Eye
and exploding in an
emission of golden light
in the torus formation rising
up and around the entire body.
Again, allowing
the golden energy
to rise from your heart chakra.
You might even see it
rise from your heart
like a golden ball
emanating outward
in that torus formation.
Starting out at
the heart chakra,
moving up to the throat chakra,
and then on to the Third Eye
and exploding in an
emission of golden light
in the torus formation, rising
up and around the entire body.
Notice that this pulsation
is quite profound.
It may feel or look
like a golden ball.
It is quite substantial.
This ball starts out
at the heart chakra,
moving up to the throat chakra,
and then on to the Third Eye,
all the while maintaining
the torus formation.
As it reaches the
Third Eye, it explodes
into an emission of
golden light following
the torus formation rising up
and around your entire body.
Again, allowing
the golden energy
to rise from your
heart chakra, you
might even see it
rise from your heart
like a golden ball
emanating outward
in that torus formation.
Starting out at
the heart chakra,
moving up to the throat chakra,
and then on to the Third Eye
and exploding in an
emission of golden light
in the torus formation, rising
up and around the entire body.
Notice that this pulsation
is quite profound.
It may feel or look
like a golden ball.
As it reaches the
Third Eye, it explodes
into an emission of
golden light following
the torus formation, rising up
and around your entire body.
Now, allow yourself to drift
back into your awareness
away from everything that
has to do with your day
to day troubles or concerns.
Announce yourself
out loud, repeating
after me, either in your thought
or out loud, saying it out loud
is preferable.
I am--
I am.
--tapping into my
higher consciousness.
Higher consciousness.
My higher intelligence.
And my higher self.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[END PLAYBACK]